SLACK 1.1
Hey everybody, this is Chris with Codify Academy.
In this video we are going to show yo how to sign up for Slack and download it for your devices.

SLACK 1.2
First we're gonna sign up for slack.
Check your email, you should have one with a subject line like: 
Someone has invited you to join a slack team.
Go ahead and open that up, you will see a green join now button, and click on that.

SLACK 1.3
You will be prompted to Join the Slack team for Codify Academy.
Your first and last name should be pre populated, but if not just add them in.
Below that is your username. 
Just use your first and last name with all lowercase letters and now spaces.
I set up a fake account so my username is already taken, ill use an underscore for now.
Then after that click off the checkbox below. 
You don't need to receive emails about the Slack service.

SLACK 1.4
On the next screen you'll set a password, their requirement is 6 characters 
and can't be easy to discover passwords like 123456.
Once you're done with that the final screen for joining is agreeing to the terms of service, 
give them a quick read and click the I agree button at the bottom.

SLACK 1.5
GOOD JOB! now we are in slack. 
If you have never used a communication tool like slack, 
I would recommend going through the tutorial, it only take s few minutes.

SLACK 1.6
We dont need to cover that. We need to add a profile picture of you, your class date and phone #. 
On the top left click where it says Codify Academy, then click Profile & account, then edit profile.
Once there hover over the nice pattern on the right side of the screen. 
A pop up will show up, click that so you can change add a profile picture, I'll use a place holder.
Now we’re going to update "what I do" to say you are a student followed by your class start date. and finally add in your phone number and click save changes.

SLACK 1.7
Great all the housekeeping is down for slack, we just need to download it for your devices.
In a browser type in slack.com/downloads and hit enter. 
This will redirect you to the current operating system, so if I use PC it should looks like this.
and if I use Mac is should look like this.
Notice below we can enter your phone number in and slack will send you a download link for your phone
you dont even have to search in the app store! Thanks for saving me time slack!


SLACK 1.8
While it downloads pause the video.
Once slack is finished downloading you can sign in to your team by adding codifyacademy and click continue.
Next you'll have to enter your email and click continue 
Last is your password, add that and click continue. Wait for the program to load and awesome, it is working!

SLACK 1.9
Awesome, we signed up for slack and download it so we don't have to view it in a browser anymore, 
Next we will get familiar with using slack

Inna Semenyuk - marketing stratigists